Add new decomposition to `PCPhase` (#7166)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h4>Resource-efficient Decompositions 🔎</h4>

> * `qml.PCPhase` now is decomposed significantly more efficiently for more than 2 qubits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The decomposition of `qml.PCPhase` is now significantly more efficient for more than 2 qubits.
```

optional, II'm not sure about the grammatical correctness of "significantly more efficiently", but it definitely bugged me 😄
